Updating RTD documentation (#416)
OSOceanAcoustics/echopop: docs/example_notebooks.md

# Example notebooks

> A variety of analyses will be available via `echopop`, including the example workflows provided here. It may be helpful to assign a `DATA_ROOT` directory path as a shortcut for writing the full filepaths of target datasets. However, this is dependent on how the different acoustic, biological, and other datasets are organized. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notebooks in this section demonstrate how to use Echopop functions to string together a workflow to infer biomass and other population variables using the combination of acoustic and biological data.

It is often helpful to assign a `DATA_ROOT` directory path as a shortcut for writing the full filepaths of target datasets, as shown in the example. However, this depends on how the different input files are organized. 
```
